yeah
what is up YouTube with your boring
montages is more and after some further
research I figured out how to fix the
Assassin's Creed 3 FPS issues now it's
not so much of a driver issue I know
people that have ATI cards have this
issue as well as people with Nvidia
cards has this issue I myself have a ti7
950 so I have the latest beta drivers
installed so I don't think it's too much
of a driver issue for anyone but what it
is mostly is a configuration error and
I'm going to show everyone how to fix it
so I'm not going to go too quick so
everyone could be on the same pace with
me alright so we want to go to our My
Documents file which would be C users
you're going to be your username and
documents which should be right here
My Documents and then we're going to
click on Assassin's Creed 3 folder and
you're going to see three configuration
files right here to being your
multiplayer and the first one being your
main configuration right so the first
thing I notice was the multiplayer
because in the multiplayer section and
actually has its own graphics settings
and it has more options for some reason
than it does on the single-player but I
did notice that it has a lot more
details here and one thing that caught
my eye was the monitor description it
says generic PNP monitor because when
your graphics card is connected to your
monitor it doesn't have to be pretty
much any specific monitor that's why
they make a generic alright so we're
going to put this on the side put this
right here and I'm clicking back up
because this was my original
configuration so guys before you do
anything create a backup real quick just
open up notepad and copy/paste the
originals files from your assassins 3
all right so now you're going to see one
major issue that I caught right where it
says monitor description it has a
display with a bunch of keys and numbers
and right here looks something like it's
from your reg edit your register edit
tree that even made any sense to anyone
and for some reason I don't know why
they put that there and everything else
below it is fine that's just your
button configurations and whatnot all
right so what I did was I got everything
from my multiplayer I copy it and then
right above from input you're going to
highlight everything up right click
paste alright so see how I did that guys
back it up real quick right above input
you're going to highlight everything up
to the top right click paste and then
we're going to backup the input so
there's no spaces now Nvidia 3d if you
guys don't have Nvidia 3d just put 0
from from some reason mindsets too but I
don't have an Nvidia card my post
effects is 1 because you want to put
that on to get the most out of it and
vertical sync I left on my refresh rate
is whatever your refresh rate my refresh
rate is 60 and make sure that your
monitor description is generic P and P
from your assassin 3 MP and then when
you're done you're going to save it I'm
going to click don't say because my
backup and then when we get this back up
here real quick and then once you're
done it should look like this everything
should be the way that it was all right
so we verify that it's saved all right
now also have your backup because in
case something goes haywire
you have your backup all right so now
we're going to go inside the game and
I'm going to show you guys what to not
do alright so once we have the game
loaded up you do not want to change your
graphics once again where it says
graphics do not change it because if you
change it it's going to override your
settings that we just edit it and you're
gonna have to start all over again so as
you can see I'm playing the game maxed
out I have my VC gone so it's 60 frames
per second
everything's maxed out and as you can
see I'm running freely I am doing
everything that I couldn't have done
before because before I was getting
about real shitty FPS s getting about 10
to 19 frames per second it was horrible
so that's pretty much it guys I will
have a walkthrough for this game
probably by Monday I'm going to start
posting my walkthrough I just got the
game I'm excited to play it I'm going to
start recording today and hopefully I'll
have a couple videos by Monday and then
Tuesday and so on so I hope this guy's I
hope this video helped you guys thank
you for watching please don't forget to
subscribe share to your friends click
the button below the tweet to read to
retweet it so you guys can see on
Twitter thank you very much I hope this
guy's help peace out everyone